Clarify conflict behavior (#3163)
tarantool/doc: doc/concepts/atomic/txn_mode_mvcc.rst

    in the serialization order. The conflict manager declares transactions to be in conflict 
    or sends transactions to read views when necessary.

    Since version :doc:`2.10.1 </release/2.10.1>`, the conflict manager detects conflicts right after

>     the first one of two conflicting transactions is committed. After this moment, any CRUD operations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    the first one of several conflicting transactions is committed. After this moment, any CRUD operations
```suggestion

>     on the affected data in the second transaction will result in errors until the transaction is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    in the conflicted transaction will result in errors until the transaction is
```

>     rolled back.

Reviewer: Gosh, I always thought it was `rollbacked` :laughing:

Author: The correct verb form is `roll back`, so only `roll` takes the second form :)
Although the noun is `rollback`.
